OSPBUGS-29524# Add CA cert disclaimer (#71819)
openshift/openshift-docs: security/certificate_types_descriptions/service-ca-certificates.adoc

A manually-rotated service CA does not maintain trust with the previous service CA. You might experience a temporary service disruption until the pods in the cluster are restarted, which ensures that pods are using service serving certificates issued by the new service CA.
====

[IMPORTANT]
====

> Applications using the `service-ca` certificate must use a truststore capable of dynamically accepting new CA certificates. Otherwise, when automated rotation occurs, the application pods will require a restart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Applications using the `service-ca` certificate must be capable of dynamically reloading CA certificates. Otherwise, when automated rotation occurs, the application pods might require a restart in order to rebuild certificate trust.
```

Author: Done.

> Applications that use a different trust store, such as JavaKeyStore, need to be capable of accepting new CA certifications dynamically into it's trust store, or else when automated rotation occurs, pods will require a restart.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Applications that use a different truststore, such as JavaKeyStore, need to be capable of accepting new CA certifications dynamically into it's truststore, or else when automated rotation occurs, pods will require a restart.
```
s/trust store/truststore

Reviewer 2: Also, should JavaKeyStore be in backticks? I'm not sure.

> Applications that use a different trust store, such as JavaKeyStore, need to be capable of accepting new CA certifications dynamically into it's trust store, or else when automated rotation occurs, pods will require a restart.

Reviewer 2: I think it might be helpful to break this up in 2 sentences. Something like this maybe? 
```suggestion
Applications that use a different trust store, such as JavaKeyStore, need to be capable of accepting new CA certifications dynamically into it's trust store.  Otherwise, when automated rotation occurs, pods will require a restart.
```

Reviewer 3: Note, the suggestion `.  Otherwise` has accidental two spaces between `.` and `O`

> Applications that use a different trust store, such as JavaKeyStore, need to be capable of accepting new CA certifications dynamically into it's trust store, or else when automated rotation occurs, pods will require a restart.

Reviewer 3: > pods will require

"pods" reads unclear. How about explicitly "the application pods will require"?

LGTM except commented minor issues.

```
PTAL: @xingxingxia @ABU Kashem
```

@lpettyjo BTW, service-ca falls in Auth, Auth Dev lead is `@stlaz`, not Abu Kashem (he is Apiserver Dev lead instead). And even his GH ID is not "`@ABU Kashem`", he is `@tkashem` instead.

Author: @xingxingxia Thanks! I was given Abu as the contact. Thanks for the correction!

> Applications that use a different trust store, such as JavaKeyStore, need to be capable of accepting new CA certifications dynamically into it's trust store, or else when automated rotation occurs, pods will require a restart.

Reviewer 3: > Applications that use a different trust store

The Jira says "Develop a java app which has service ca-certificate dependency on a separate keystore managed by the client". The issue only exists when both conditions: 1. the store is different/separate; 2. the different/separate store has dependency on service-ca ca certificate. So, how about preciser statement `Applications that use a different ...store which has dependency on service-ca certificate`?

Author: Fixed. Thanks!

> Applications that use a different truststore that have a dependency on `service-ca` certificate, such as JavaKeyStore, need to be capable of accepting new CA certifications dynamically into it's truststore. Otherwise, when automated rotation occurs, the application pods will require a restart.

Reviewer: it's x its
certification x certificate

> Applications that use a different truststore that have a dependency

I don't understand that sentence. Truststore? Different from what?

Author: I think that I've fixed your concerns. PTAL.
